[#287] Add proposal type to change guardian address (#289)
tqtezos/baseDAO: docs/registry.md

### Decision lambda

> For the Transfer proposal, It simply applies all updates from the accepted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except for the Guardian updates, It simply applies all updates from the accepted
```
I think the previous text didn't mention transfer proposals specifically as the rest of the comment is true for all the update proposals (except the new guardian one).
